I've been with the unit since I was born
I grew up on the battlefield conflict
and victory were my parents my life my
channel me we've shared captain on the
bag and all is good
nothing else matters
whoever you are you're not stopping us
Oh
ah
mmm
cyber
autók on this ship appears to be under
their control the men have Russian gear
but I haven't been able to find out
anything else about their origin I know
who they are you do we've ID'd the old
man who is he sera que corre lukovitch
girl uka bitch would have ocelots allies
yeah the GRU colonel he's the one ocelot
was supposed to meet up with after
shadow moses thereafter metal gear
everything's changed this is not gonna
be as simple as we thought you could say
that I saw surveillance remote just now
it looked like the cipher a marine
cipher T no army first the Marines then
the Russians now the army you're right
this isn't gonna be simple snake there's
something I have to tell you what we
didn't dig up this info about the new
metal gear on our own not like usual how
did you find out then it was a tip an
anonymous tip anonymous you've never
trusted those why would you start now I
I have a younger sister a step sister we
have different parents I only knew her
for two years you've never mentioned her
before so the sender of the tip was ee
ee her name is Emma but I always call
her ee Emma Emmerich yeah it just caught
my eye you know I figured it was a
coincidence but I couldn't get it out of
my mind there's really no one out there
who knows about her when was the last
time you saw her over 10 years ago you
think it's a trap to lure is out here I
don't know after I got the tip I did
break into the Pentagon system to get
confirmation okay watch your back snake
maybe I screwed up I've got a light
equip us p I can take them on now
there's no ammo but it takes a
nine-millimeter just like the Marines m9
I'll find those somewhere around here
don't raise too much racket with that
thing I hear you
freeze huh oh come to me Oh
freeze